actually in our MaxLife Insurance, we are creating an application to create the policies where the customer can take policies. 

We are creating applications not only for MaxLife Insurance, even other vendors also  can take policies from MaxLife Insurance.

For example, we are supporting as of now yes-Bank Limited and Axis Bank. Those guys also can take policies from our applications. 

 we are having an application like M-Rake and M-Sales.

We have upgraded that one and we have created M-Pro where all channel agents can take the policies.

Here it will be most of the cases, there will be no involvement of customer directly.

An agent will be guiding the customer and they can take the policies with the help of  agent. 

 
coming to mpro application  there are six screens. 

We will be taking basic details of the customer. 

screen 1 is Customer Details

In the first screen, we will be taking the basic information like mobile number, PANNumber,aadhar number and mobile number

once all the fill the deatiles its moving to screen 2

In our M-Pro, there will be different services in every screen.  In the second screen, there is a service called PAN DOB service.

 previously they have given the basic details like PAN card, first name,last name and date of birth.  With that one, it will run a PAN DOB service. 

It will match the details whether this guy is providing correct PAN card or not. 
If PAN card details are matching with the name and date of birth, then it will throw
a message that this guy is providing correct PAN card.  Otherwise, it will throw an error.  Based on that one, we will be asking documents 
in the last screen. 

Once this is done, he can give his basic address details in the screen to itself. 

 Once he provided his basic address and his annual income, why he is taking policy like  what is the goal and what is the need of insurance, 
why he is taking it. 
If he is on life stage, whether he is single or married, if he provided the details, we 
 will be running a service called PSM, product suitability matrix.  It will suggest few products.

So agent can tell that these products are suitable to you. As per your given details, the customer can opt the policy from the suggested ones or 
 he can opt different products also.  We will be having too many products.  He can select from the suggested products or different products also.

Once he can take the product, he can choose the policy term, payment term, these details 
 he can select and how much premium he needs to pay.  He will pay a yearly, semi-annual, monthly, this type of payment mode he can select and  
he can continue. At the screen 2, once he selected the product details, at the top, after giving personal details, we will run Pandio service. 

If he is able to select the product and all the details are correct, it will generate
an illustration.  Otherwise, it will generate an error that you need to change this one, you need to change  this one.  Otherwise, 
it will generate an illustration and a link will be sent to the customer. If it is successful, we will be going to screen 3. 

all personal details will be asked and his bank details will also be  asked in the screen 3. 
There are no major services which will run in screen 3. 

 Only one service is there, basic service like IFC and MICR service is there. If you provide IFC and MICR number, 
automatically the name and account branch will be pre-populated

Once this is done, we will go to screen 4.  In screen 4, we will be asking few questions like whether he is a politically exposed person  
or not or he is involving any criminal activities or not. All lifestyle questions will be asked. 
 
on him or recently he has traveled to any abroad or not.  This type of questions will be there. 
Once he will provide all these details, he can submit the page at screen 4. 
Even in screen 4, they have included few health questions like diabetes, sugar, liver issues, heart attack issues, covid issues, 
genetic issues, too many questions of health.



 









