actually in our MaxLife Insurance, we are creating an application to create the policies where the customer can take policies. 
 We are creating applications not only for MaxLife Insurance, even other vendors also  can take policies from MaxLife Insurance.  For example, we are supporting as of now S-Bank Limited and Axis Bank. Those guys also can take policies from our applications. 
 First as of now, we are having an application like M-Rake and other applications, M-Sales. We have upgraded that one and we have created M-Pro where all channel agents can take the 
policies.  We will be issuing different agent IDs and SP codes to them.  Based on that one, they can login and they can take the policies. Here it will be most of the cases, there will be no involvement of customer directly. 
An agent will be guiding the customer and they can take the policies with the help of  agent. Now, if it is coming to M-Pro, in M-Pro, we have created an application like agent 
can easily access the customer details and they can create the application.  If we come to M-Pro, there are six screens.  We will be taking basic details of the customer.  Based on that one, we can take the policies. In the first screen, we will be taking the basic information like mobile number, PAN 
 card and other details.  And we will be going to the second screen.  In the second screen, it is like somewhat important screen where we will be asking customer  name, date of birth and gender. Based on that one, we will be running a survey. 
In our M-Pro, there will be different services in every screen.  In the second screen, there is a service called PAN DOB service. What it will do is previously they have given the basic details like PAN card, first name, 
 last name and date of birth.  With that one, it will run a PAN DOB service.  It will match the details whether this guy is providing correct PAN card or not. If PAN card details are matching with the name and date of birth, then it will throw 
 a message that this guy is providing correct PAN card.  Otherwise, it will throw an error.  Based on that one, we will be asking documents in the last screen. Once this is done, he can give his basic address details in the screen to itself. 
 Once he provided his basic address and his annual income, why he is taking policy like  what is the goal and what is the need of insurance, why he is taking it. If he is on life stage, whether he is single or married, if he provided the details, we 
 will be running a service called PSM, product suitability matrix.  It will suggest few products.  So agent can tell that these products are suitable to you. As per your given details, the customer can opt the policy from the suggested ones or 
 he can opt different products also.  We will be having too many products.  He can select from the suggested products or different products also. Once he can take the product, he can choose the policy term, payment term, these details 
 he can select and how much premium he needs to pay.  He will pay a yearly, semi-annual, monthly, this type of payment mode he can select and  he can continue. At the screen 2, once he selected the product details, at the top, after giving personal 
 details, we will run Pandio service.  Similar to that one, at the end of screen 2, after selecting product details, they will run a service called life engagement service where it is an API. 
 It will first match all the details which the customer provided in the product details  like premium, policy term, payment term, annual income. If he is able to select the product and all the details are correct, it will generate 
 an illustration.  Otherwise, it will generate an error that you need to change this one, you need to change  this one.  Otherwise, it will generate an illustration and a link will be sent to the customer. If it is successful, we will be going to screen 3. 
In screen 3, more details of the customer will be asked like education, occupation,  few more details, all personal details will be asked and his bank details will also be  asked in the screen 3. There are no major services which will run in screen 3. 
 Only one service is there, basic service like IFC and MICR service is there. If you provide IFC and MICR number, automatically the name and account branch will be pre-populated. 
 Once this is done, we will go to screen 4.  In screen 4, we will be asking few questions like whether he is a politically exposed person  or not or he is involving any hazardous activities or not. All lifestyle questions will be asked. 
He is involved in any hazardous activities and few more are there like whether he is  having any criminal charges on him or recently he has traveled to any abroad or not.  This type of questions will be there. Once he will provide all these details, he can submit the page at screen 4. 
Even in screen 4, they have included few health questions like diabetes, sugar, liver issues, heart attack issues, covid issues, genetic issues, too many questions of health. 
They have included in screen 4.  Agent can ask the customer and he can give the details.  He can select the question yes or no.  Once this is done, he can submit the page at screen 4.  A link will be sent to the customer. That is called PASWI Preissuance Verification link. 
 PASWI link will be sent to the customer.  Along with that, one more document will be sent.  That is called proposal form.  In that, whatever he filled from screen 1 to screen 4, every detail will be mapped.  It will be PDF form. He can verify every detail. 
One more PASWI link has been sent.  In that link, he will get some questions.  Until he fills that detail, we can't proceed.  The page will be stuck at screen 4 itself.  We can't proceed further. Once he fills the PASWI questions, 
 there will be a service called underwriting service.  It will update three things.  One is documents.  One is medical and financial sum assured. Third one is medical appointments. 
 Any medical appointments needed or not.  It will update.  In the PASWI link, questions will be asked.  You have selected this product.  You need to pay this much premium.  Are you aware of this one? Yes or no answer questions will be there. 
He can go through and submit.  Once that is done, as we told, underwriting service will run.  It will update.  In screen 5, nothing will be there.  A simple screen will be there that PASWI link will be sent to the customer. Only that thing will be there. 
 Once PASWI link is updated,  in screen 5, we will get positive or negative message.  Once he fills the PASWI link, underwriting runs.  In screen 6, there will be details like one is payment, second one is document upload, 
 third one is medical appointment and that's it.  He can do online payment or check DD.  In screen 7, it will run a service.  It will give details like health details, annual income, product details, 
 PAN service, based on all these details.  It will suggest a few documents.  It will automatically generate documents.  If PAN is correct,  whatever is provided, PAN number is correct, then it will generate a copy of PAN card.  That is enough.  No need to upload any document.  One more is there, like address proof.  If...  I forgot the address proof.  Few more are there. It will automatically generate few of the documents. 
 Otherwise, we need to upload.  If any type of...  You can upload address proof.  Page, bro. It will automatically generate.  If there is EBC, CS, etc.  It will automatically generate.  It will upload the system. We don't need to upload. 
 Otherwise, it will ask to upload.  After this,  if he provides any health questions,  if any type of lab,  he needs to go and he needs to attend any test, it will throw a message that you need to attend this type of labs. 
 Go through or a home visit will be there.  He can do in home visit also.  And he needs to upload few of the reports also.  For few of the health questions or reports.  Once he upload all the documents, then a submit button will be enabled at screen 6. 
He can submit the policy.  This is done in M-Pro.  Once M-Pro is done,  most of our testing team will be working with the M-Pro itself.  Once the M-Pro part will be done,  a policy will be moved to other system. It is a completely new system 
where other team will work.  They can go through the policy.  It will go to Dolphin.  Where the person can check whether all the details are correct or not.  He will be uploading documents. All the documents are correct or not. 
 And few more checks will be there.  All checks will be done at there in the Dolphin.  This is related to M-Pro.  Now in M-Pro,  whatever we have discussed,  this will be only MaxLeft insurance agents can do. Apart from this one. 
 They have...  They have combined...  They have partnerships with different banks.  And they can also access...  They can also able to access the M-Pro application.  And they are able to create the policies.  For example, now if it is coming to the Axis Bank, 
 we have created a separate application to them.  To few of the details.  Like basic details and product details.  It is called M-Sales application.  If... Axis agents can log in to M-Sales application. 
 A customer ID will be there for Axis.  With that customer ID,  they can log in to M-Sales.  There they can fill basic...  They will not ask many questions like M-Pro.  Few of the details they will be asking. Product selection and few of the details. 
Once that is done,  we can come to M-Pro.  We can log in with the same agent ID,  which they have provided to M-Sales.  And they can continue the journey.  In the screen one,  if they have provided PAN card,  other name,  these details, those will be pre-populated in M-Pro. 
 They can't able to edit.  And they can continue the journey.  If they have provided the few of the information in the M-Sales,  those they can't edit.  And those will be pre-populated automatically in M-Pro.  Apart from that, YBL is also there. 
 For YBL,  there is no separate application.  In M-Pro itself,  they have created...  If they log in with Bank Limited agent ID,  there will be a button called Customer ID. They can provide their customer ID there. 
 And they can do normal journey like same M-Pro agent.  They are doing a normal max-left engine.  Same like that,  they can continue.  Only simple thing is that,  few of the details will be pre-populated from the bank.  This is the thing. That's it. 
 We will be having different type of products.  Traditional products,  new products,  they can select the risk.  Also,  they can invest their money into the mutual funds. Other are term plans. 
 They can pay every year or term basis.  In our products,  they will be having different...  In our products,  we will be having different type of add-ons also. That is called Riders. 
Accidental death benefit,  critical illness death benefit,  term plus benefit.  Like this,  we will be having different Riders also.  What is the critical functionality?  Critical functionality? What is functionality? 
We have M-Pro application.  In this, we will have products.  What is the critical functionality?  What is critical functionality?  I don't know. 
